#summary how to install the knime4bio plugin ?

Install KNime4Bio

= Installing from an update site=

<h2>(*note: for an unknown reason our server is sometimes "temporarily unavailable", if you cannot reach the update page, please, install the plugin from a local zip in he next paragraph.* )</h2>


(see also: http://help.eclipse.org/indigo/index.jsp?topic=%2Forg.eclipse.platform.doc.user%2Ftasks%2Ftasks-34.htm , )


  * Download Knime from http://www.knime.org/download
  * Open knime
  * Menu Help > Install New Software. The install dialog will appear. 
  * Click on "Add..."
    * Name:  KNime4BIO
    * URL: http://redonlab.univ-nantes.fr/public_html/eclipse/plugins/fr.inserm.umr915.knime4ngs.update/ 
    * press OK
  * Select the latest version ok knime4bio, accept the license, finish.

If you need to update your workbench:

  * Menu File > "Update Knime..."



= Installing the Knime4Bio Plugin from a local zip =

As an alternative to installing from the update site, you can also install the Knime4Bio Plugin by downloading the update site as an archive and installing from it.

  # Download Knime from http://www.knime.org/download
  # Download the plugin from the download area: http://code.google.com/p/knime4bio/downloads/list
  # Unzip the archive.
  # In Knime, choose Help > Install New Software...
  # In the "Work with" section, click the Add... button. The "Add Repository" dialog box appears.
  # Click Local and select the directory you unzipped, then click OK. Its path appears in the "Location" field. Leave the "Name" field empty.

= Configure the Proxy/Firewall=

If you're working behind a *proxy/firewall*, you'll need to configure the proxy. Go to
{{{
File/preferences/Network
}}}
 and change the parameters.

The process is explained below:

http://www.mkyong.com/web-development/how-to-configure-proxy-settings-in-eclipse/ 